First, a parallel gateway with 15 branches, furthermore dubbed PG1, occurs. The first entry in in the first parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a2 and the label "Add \"profiling about logic involved, significance and envisaged consequences of processing\"". The first entry in in the second parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Check if it is possible to determine the period for which personal data will be stored". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D1. The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a6 and the label "Retrieve the criteria used to determine the period". The only entry in the second branch of D1 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Retrieve the period". Following this, all branches of D1 are finished. The first entry in in the third parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a9 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to rectify of personal data\"". The first entry in in the fourth parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a10 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to access personal data\"". The first entry in in the fifth parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a11 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to erase personal data\"". The first entry in in the sixth parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a12 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to data portability\"". The first entry in in the seventh parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a13 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to withdraw\"". The first entry in in the eight parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a14 and the label "Add \"existence of the right to lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority\"". The first entry in in the ninth parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a15 and the label "Check if data has been obtained from Data Subject". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D2. The only entry in the first branch of D2 is a task with the id a17 and the label "Retrieve the source from which personal data are originated". Following this, all branches of D2 are finished. The first entry in in the tenth parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a19 and the label "Check if personal data can be transferred internationally". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D3. The only entry in the first branch of D3 is a task with the id a21 and the label "Add \"personal data will be transferred internationally\"". Following this, all branches of D3 are finished. The first entry in in the  parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a23 and the label "Check if recipients are present". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D4. The only entry in the first branch of D4 is a task with the id a25 and the label "Retrieve recipients". Following this, all branches of D4 are finished. The first entry in in the  parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a27 and the label "Check if legitimate interests are presents". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D5. The only entry in the first branch of D5 is a task with the id a29 and the label "Retrieve legitimate interests". Following this, all branches of D5 are finished. The first entry in in the  parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a31 and the label "Retrieve processing legal basis". The first entry in in the  parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a32 and the label "Retrieve processing purposses". The first entry in in the  parallel branch of PG1 is a parallel gateway with 2 branches, furthermore dubbed PG2,. The first entry in in the first parallel branch of PG2 is a task with the id a33 and the label "Retrieve identity and contact details". The first entry in in the second parallel branch of PG2 is a task with the id a35 and the label "Ask DPO details". Then a task with the id a38 and the label "Receive details From DPO" occurs. Finally the branches of PG2 are joined. Finally the branches of PG1 are joined. Then a task with the id a39 and the label "Collect consent information" occurs. Then a task with the id a37 and the label "Ask consent" occurs. It is called with the following parameters:  is "". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D6. The only entry in the first branch of D6 is a task with the id a41 and the label "Receive negation". The only entry in the second branch of D6 is a task with the id a40 and the label "Receive consent". Following this, all branches of D6 are finished, and the process ends.