First, a task with the id a19 and the label "Come to the hospital" occurs. Then a task with the id a22 and the label "Stay the front" occurs. Then a task with the id a24 and the label "Visit the nurse" occurs. Then a task with the id a7 and the label "Check insurance" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D1. The first entry in in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a1 and the label "Check patients state". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D2. The only entry in the first branch of D2 is a task with the id a3 and the label "Send patient home". The only entry in the second branch of D2 is an infinite loop (no condidition). The only entry in the second branch of D2 is a task with the id a18 and the label "Examine the patient". The only entry in the second branch of D2 is an exclusive decision with 3 branches. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D3. The first entry in in the first branch of D3 is a task with the id a15 and the label "Hospitalize". Then a task with the id a10 and the label "Book patient for doctor" occurs. The first entry in in the second branch of D3 is a task with the id a12 and the label "Send patient to pharmacy". Then a task with the id a23 and the label "Visit pharmacy" occurs. Then a task with the id a26 and the label "Order medicine" occurs. Then a task with the id a27 and the label "Pay medicine" occurs. Then a task with the id a25 and the label "Receive medicine" occurs. At this point the innermost loop is exited. The first entry in in the third branch of D3 is a task with the id a13 and the label "Send patient home". At this point the innermost loop is exited. Following this, all branches of D3 are finished. Following this, all branches of D2 are finished. The first entry in in the second branch of D1 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Check if patient is registered in hospital". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D4. The only entry in the first branch of D4 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Register patient". Following this, all branches of D4 are finished. Then a task with the id a21 and the label "Pay fee" occurs. Then an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Then a task with the id a10 and the label "Book patient for doctor" occurs. Then a task with the id a18 and the label "Examine the patient" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 3 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D5. The only entry in the first branch of D5 is a task with the id a15 and the label "Hospitalize". The first entry in in the second branch of D5 is a task with the id a12 and the label "Send patient to pharmacy". Then a task with the id a23 and the label "Visit pharmacy" occurs. Then a task with the id a26 and the label "Order medicine" occurs. Then a task with the id a27 and the label "Pay medicine" occurs. Then a task with the id a25 and the label "Receive medicine" occurs. At this point the innermost loop is exited. The first entry in in the third branch of D5 is a task with the id a13 and the label "Send patient home". At this point the innermost loop is exited. Following this, all branches of D5 are finished. Following this, all branches of D1 are finished, and the process ends.